hello yourself instructional video under
hand with he summit is basic
a trick based on it takes many
others more difficult to perform tricks
let's see how he looks
if you look in slow motion
then pen
makes a turn
and intersects with fleet 3 2 slot 1 2
There are two options for Sonic
abutments are illegal
for easier learning advice
the support begins but later on it is for you
will not need
and supporting sonic
is all
take the tip of this pen
I respect this membrane
then pushing in front of that middle finger
and start pushing the handle
creates tension
then all we have to do is
just pull that thumb back
so my daughter jumped off
see how it looks
he didn't even have to do almost anything
pen itself
everything is up to you
Now
will discuss
illegal
sonic
now for him just need to know the hour
so we have you at the beginning was
now
if you have often it will be easy for you
make 1 turn
use of support
in this case, you just need
move middle finger
and connect these two
look
Well, good luck helped the teachings